One we'll come back and there's video we're looking at installing Posterous equal on your Mac.
Now it's fairly simple to do.
Just go to post-career sequel dot org and then go into the downloads page.
And here we can click on McQuiston And there's also a bunch of other binary packages available for other
operating systems.
So if you're not using Mac if you got in here by accident you can go into the windows section or the
Ubuntu section or indeed any others.
Let's click on my question and here we've got a few options.
If you want a graphical interface then I'd recommend downloading the installer from Enterprise DB for
all supported versions.
That gives you a nice interface too through which you can interact with your Pasqua sequel installation
and that's quite nice.
The postgrads not app is a simple app that runs on your menu bar and lets you run a sequel commands
It's very simple very basic but it'll do for this course for the most part.
And finally you can also install Pasquier sequel using the usual think MacPorts and homebrewed.
If you don't know what these are then don't worry about it.
If you know what these are advocates and using homebrew that's just probably the most stable of them
.
And then there's instructions on how to use that there.
But I won't get into that in this video.
Let's just focus on using the graphical installer since that's just a bit simpler and I gets the job
done.
Let's go to download the installer from Enterprise the B.
And here we have adverts and also the ability to download the version that we want and I'm going to
go for the latest version.
But I do notice that in some instances in some operating systems you won't have access to the latest
version at all times.
For example if you're using a web server you may only have access to version nine point two and point
three.
But these are the later versions.
So we're going to go with those.
If you have a previous version you can use that as long as it's version 9.
There's not going to be that many changes that you're going to need an entirely new version for this
cause the changes are usually more advanced things that we're not going to be looking at in this course
.
But once again let's go to nine point five point two which is the latest version and I'm going to click
on Mac OS 10 and I going to download the installer in a moment.
OK then it's downloading.
And I'm just going to speed this up real quick.
And then we can look at that and open it up
and then just double click the installer here.
You may be asked to put in your passwords.
I'm going to put my password in and the installer then starts.
Which is right there.
The installation directory has a default path and I would recommend staying with the defaults throughout
the entire installation procedure.
If you change something then you may have to change other things as well to make the program work.
Which is why I recommend staying with the defaults in all cases.
If you are unable to stay with defaults and then we will figure that out.
Just ask a question in the course and we'll help you out if it doesn't work later directory's just where
your data is going to be stored for Pasqua sequel.
And here you are am asked to enter a password because we're going to be using this server only locally
in your computer is not going to be accessible by other people.
Then you can choose a really simple password.
If you we're going to put this server out there and people were allowed to connect to the server for
example in a web site and so people might hack your server then you would want to choose a strong password
.
But because this is a local server then the password doesn't matter much.
The port is essentially where your computer post-career sequel is going to look for connections and
there's loads of ports that you can use.
But the default one works well and I would leave it at that.
Finally the locale is sort of the language that Persico is going to use.
I'm going to leave it as the default as well.
And finally just press next.
And then it starts to install.
Funnily when that's installed you get asked to launch stack build which is for enterprise databases
we're not going to check that.
And finally press finish you know we've got portable he can install in the next video we're going to
look at how we can run it and how we can get the graphical user interface working and all that good
stuff.
So it's you in the next video